[Music]
I'm aboard evil yachts evo 43 this is a
nice open cockpit boat with some great
features this is an enormous galley
module with twin grills and over here
this whole thing is a fridge underneath
the helm seat now this is a joystick
boat pods IPS 600 with a top speed of 39
you come back here you have some nice
seating l-shape but you know what this
is not just any open this boat was
dubbed the transformer boat here at the
Fort Lauderdale Boat Show let me show
you why with an iPad I can actually make
it open all the way out on the side and
it almost doubles its face so here we
are
on this great extended deck and we have
these built-in deck chairs but wait
there's more
not only does this platform extend for
easy dingy and dark access but it goes
underwater so you have a teak beach for
more information on this great
innovative evo 43 check out boats com
[Music]
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters